docs: Use the Serverpod PostgreSQL image for PostGIS support (#758)
serverpod/serverpod_docs: docs/11-upgrading/04-upgrade-to-postgis.md

      - <projectname>_test_data:/var/lib/postgresql/data
```

> Projects created with Serverpod 4.0 already reference this image, so there is nothing to change for them.

Reviewer: Suggestion: this is not accurate on two counts.

The standard new-project template has no compose file. Only `modulename_server` and `projectname_server_upgrade` have one; `projectname_server` has none, since 4.0 defaults to the embedded Postgres.

And the image landed in serverpod/serverpod#5563 on 2026-08-10, which is in 4.0.0-beta.3 but not beta.1 or beta.2. Anyone who scaffolded on an earlier 4.0 beta has the old image and does need the change this sentence tells them to skip.

```suggestion
If your `docker-compose.yaml` came from Serverpod 4.0.0-beta.3 or later, it already references this image and needs no change. New projects default to the embedded Postgres and have no compose file at all.
```
